English

In 1929 Gustav Tauschek obtained a patent on OCR in Germany, followed by Handel
who obtained a US patent on OCR in USA in 1933 (U.S. Patent 1,915,993). In 1935
Tauschek was also granted a US patent on his method (U.S. Patent 2,026,329).
Tauschek's machine was a mechanical device that used templates and a photodetector.

In 1950, David H. Shepard, a cryptanalyst at the Armed Forces Security Agency in the
United States, addressed the problem of converting printed messages into machine
language for computer processing and built a machine to do this, reported in the
Washington Daily News on 27 April 1951 and in the New York Times on 26 December
1953 after his U.S. Patent 2,663,758 was issued. Shepard then founded Intelligent
Machines Research Corporation (IMR), which went on to deliver the world's first several
OCR systems used in commercial operation.

The first commercial system was installed at the Reader's Digest in 1955. The second
system was sold to the Standard Oil Company for reading credit card imprints for billing
Purposes. Other systems sold by IMR during the late 1950s included a bill stub reader
to the Ohio Bell Telephone Company and a page scanner to the United States Air Force
for reading and transmitting by teletype typewritten messages. IBM and others were
later licensed on Shepard's OCR patents.

Header

In about 1965 Reader's Digest and RCA collaborated to build an OCR Document reader
designed to digitise the serial numbers on Reader's Digest coupons returned from
advertisements. The font used on the documents were printed by an RCA Drum printer
using the OCR-A font. The reader was connected directly to an RCA 301 computer (one
of the first solid state computers). This reader was followed by a specialised document
reader installed at TWA where the reader processed Airline Ticket stock. The readers
processed document at a rate of 1,500 documents per minute, and checked each
document, rejecting those it was not able to process correctly. The product became part
of the RCA product line as a reader designed to process "Turn around Documents"
such as those Utility and insurance bills returned with payments.

Header
The United States Postal Service has been using OCR machines to sort mail since
1965 based on technology devised primarily by the prolific inventor Jacob Rabinow. The
first use of OCR in Europe was by the British General Post Office (GPO). In 1965 it
began planning an entire banking system, the National Giro, using OCR technology, a
process that revolutionized bill payment systems in the UK. Canada Post has been
using OCR systems since 1971[citation needed]. OCR systems read the name and
address of the addressee at the first mechanised sorting center, and print a routing bar
code on the envelope based on the postal code. To avoid confusion with juman-
readable address field which can be located anywhere on the letter, : in

in visible light) is used that is clearly visible under ultraviolet light.

be processed with equipment based on simple barcode rez

