ABBYY Mobile OCR Engine 3.0

Compact Code OCR for Mobile Devices

What is the ABBYY Mobile OCR Engine SDK?
Benefits of the

fhe ABBYY Mobile OCR Engine 3.0 Software Development Kit (SDK) is a specialised toolkit
for empowering mobile and other "compact” applications with text recognition and
ABBYY OCR Engine SDK

conversion capabilities. ABBYY's specially developed "compact code OCR" is optimised to
deliver a highly accurate conversion of image files into text using a small amount of
memory and system resources. Platform independence ensures support for such operating - Easy integration of high
performance text recognition il 1
capabilities.

Systems as Android, Linux, Symbian, Windows and Windows Mobile.
- Business card recognition
- Platform independence -
supporting such systems as
Windows Mobile, Symbian,
Android™ and Linux Systems

Your Mobile Application with the Power of OCR
ABBYY OCR technology transforms images into manageable text which can be saved, stored, edited

or sent via web, web services, email or SMS. Applications based on the Mobile OCR Engine 3.0 will
transform notes, business cards, newspaper clippings, menus and other texts captured via a mobile
imaging device into data which can easily be embedded into other applications. Examples of appli-

cations which can be enhanced with ABBYY Mobile OCR Engine include:
Optimised memory

management and efficient

Camera Smartphone/PDA Applications: Capture Front-ends Linked to Backend
Take full advantage of cameras on mobile Systems and Web Applications Joading for high performance
devices. Photo menus, signs and posters, Exisiting applications can be improved or
business cards, and other documents can be extended using OCR for easy capture of input - Multilingual support
converted into text for easier input into a of data to a networked backend system or
Web applicaition. For example: Sample application and
test shell

Mobile capture for CRM - take a picture of

variety of applications such as:
a business card for input into a CRM

Phone and address books

- Sophisticated OCR

+ Calendars
. Task lists system or sales lead database i
+ Allin-one personal information - Mobile capture for Workflow - tlake ) :
managers (PIMs) picture of a document for fast input into a - Extremely accurate text
workflow application conversion
- Multi-column document

+ Business card readers ’ y
< 3 Client/server text conversion and
